Blackout/syn 5252/passwd policy epiphyte (#3782)
vertexproject/synapse: docs/synapse/devopsguide.rst

    python -m synapse.tools.storm aha://cortex.<yournetwork>

.. _ devops-task-users-password:

Managing Password Policies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Services can be configured with password policies. These can be used to define the complexity of a password, the number

> of allowed login attemps, and the number of previous passwords to check against. This is configured by setting the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of allowed login attempts, and the number of previous passwords to check against. This is configured by setting the
```

``auth:password:policy`` configuration value for the service, with the desired policy settings. The policy object
accepts the following keys:

``attempts``
    Maximum number of incorrect attempts before locking user account. This is an integer value.

``previous``
    Number of previous passwords to disallow. This is an integer value.

``complexity``
    The complexity key must be set to an object. It can have the following keys:

    ``length``

>         Minimum password character length. This is an integer value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Minimum password character length. This is an integer value with a minimum value of 1.
```

    ``sequences``
        Maximum sequence length in a password. Sequences can be letters or number, forward or reverse. This is an

>         integer value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        integer value with a minimum value of 2.
```

    ``upper:count``

>         The minimum number of uppercase characters required in password. This is a string value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        The minimum number of uppercase characters required in password. This is an integer value.
```

    ``upper:valid``
        All valid uppercase characters. This defaults to a string of uppercase ASCII characters. This can be set to
        a null value to disable any checking of the uppercase characters rules.

    ``lower:count``

>         The minimum number of lowercase characters required in password.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        The minimum number of lowercase characters required in password. This is an integer value.
```

    ``lower:valid``
        All valid lowercase characters. This defaults to a string of lowercase ASCII characters. This can be set to
        a null value to disable any checking of the lowercase character rules.

    ``special:count``

>         The minimum number of special characters required in password.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        The minimum number of special characters required in password. This is an integer value.
```

    ``special:valid``
        All valid special characters. This defaults to a string of ASCII punctuation characters. This can be set to
        a null value to disable any checking of the special characters rules.

    ``number:count``

>         The minimum number of digit characters required in password.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        The minimum number of digit characters required in password. This is an integer value.
```

        a null value to disable any checking of the number character rules.

The following example shows setting a password policy on the Cortex with the following policy:

* Maximum of three failed password login attempts before locking.

* Keep the previous two passwords to prevent password reuse.

* Complexity rules:

    * Require at least 12 total characters.

    * Disallow sequences of more than 3 characters in a row.

    * Require at least two uppercase characters.

    * Require at least two lowercase characters.

    * Specify a custom set of lowercase characters to check against (ASCII & some unicode characters).

    * Require at least two special characters.

    * Require at least two numbers.

The following Compose file shows using the policy:

::

    services:
      00.cortex:
        user: "999"
        image: vertexproject/synapse-cortex:v2.x.x
        network_mode: host
        restart: unless-stopped
        volumes:
            - ./storage:/vertex/storage
        environment:
            SYN_CORTEX_AXON: aha://axon...
            SYN_CORTEX_JSONSTOR: aha://jsonstor...

>             SYN_CORTEX_AUTH_PASSWD_POLICY: '{"complexity": {"length": 12, "sequences": 3, "upper:count": 2, "lower:count": 2, "lower:valid": "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz\\u03b1\\u03b2\\u03b3", "special:count": 2, "number:count": 2}, "attempts": 3, "previous": 2}'

Reviewer 2: Do the unicode characters have to be \u encoded or can the just be pasted directly?

Author: We can embed them directly. That was a default JSON serialization.
